In nineteen eleven,
famously brilliant inventor Thomas Edison was quoted as saying that by the year twenty eleven that
bars of gold had become is cheap and plentiful as bars of iron,
because we will have discovered the secret of transmitting medals by then.
Well,
he was a little off because around that time it actually hit a record high value.
See,
this is a good example of why people shouldn't speculate about things that they really don't know anything about.
He was an inventor,
not an economist,
so he knew nothing about it.
That would be like me predicting the price of haircuts in the next ten years.
I clearly don't have any expertise in the area.